Job title: Integration Services Technical Leader
Posting date: 7/19/2018
Job Location: Toronto
Company: Johnson
Entry point: https://www.engineerjobs.com/jobdetails.php?lnk=yx6x1SOGxoHo11v6-8KPsK_TKV3tyYCbnoq0XLriP3f3yNtvTgANH9MPxixTWRFChXjLsfutNi51HP3KkC1v9Q_smsrvTjQTRVsHf7gHJtfKVU8Lv1THU9u93QnPEq3IXkaiw8gUZKd-Rxsjt_q-9i0-mqdsLSFwVGLjFaBarOa_LPutWP4eGKNxEuObwTfVHLBaGJoUxXTeWThi_l0suf1kDEz7HJdQBWrUXQGC6TUWszuSfkZysSjxSTAxTYQ0iKnGRKxayFOhBBr6lQkCz2kS31N4fjU5H2sj9CzhT5SEIhIruBCB3N8z5u4Ij2x3YacTWiQLpJ1_vVv0GXlGTn9aE9SQ130BQh9Ped0epOud4JmWYuORowlthemgwxcJTuAiVYeFwVo3OrUJgVvBaA-HniMnRwP07-FnaKrwfGAxvj2lT8nBxph19Qau80SCL_Gx_d9H35jxC2dQMCrTPnVJFoY9GM3RBUrx5nJlO6nFi_fQMLEwebE-IQ74rb1WeTaAEDtjrNpRPWxo8osdvV7jB-YXkrAsoADHrghj9e0sLDPl9O6M1wl1aT0X5kTpmE5tT7nZoYJMNJ2Ttf91o70XvQ&isp=0&el=%2Fjobs%2Fsoftware-engineering%2Fcanada%2Fontario%2F%3Ff%3D1%26page%3D5&jk=alnQtfUlvr_RmWziyyuoiPxm2OLu09sfDXZEfgbxJiBqpEL2S5jGpw
Job ID: 145
Raw description:  Sign In FR Claims Sign In About Us Help & Support Auto Insurance Home Insurance Travel Insurance Group Benefits The Lighthouse Claims Sign In About Us Help & Support FR Auto Insurance Home Insurance Travel Insurance Group Benefits The Lighthouse Auto Insurance Home Insurance Travel Insurance Group Benefits The Lighthouse Claims About Us Help Sign In Register Home/ Career Opportunities/ Integration Services Technical Leader Career Opportunities Career Alert Career Profile Help The Lighthouse Scholarship AIR MILES® Contact Us Find a Branch Accessibility Complaint Procedures Legal Protecting your Privacy Unclaimed Property Careers To display this page you need a browser with JavaScript support. RSA is one of the world’s leading multinational insurance groups with over 300 years of experience and over 20 million customers worldwide.Our people are committed to building a dynamic internal culture where our people love what they do and feel motivated to keep things moving – for customers, for their colleagues and as part of their own growth and development. In RSA, employing positive people is how we achieve success. You will be working in an environment that encourages you to do great work and you constantly will be faced with fresh challenges that have a direct impact on our business. We believe your personality and passion will keep RSA and our business moving forward. At RSA we have a culture that supports and rewards high performance with a competitive reward policy for top performers.  Our rewards package includes competitive compensation, work / life balance, opportunities to learn and the chance to make a difference working for a worldwide industry leader. Integration Services Technical Leader Your enthusiasm is infectious. You challenge the status quo.  You find solutions to problems.  You go the extra mile to exceed customers’ expectations.  You get things done the right way.  You represent our brand with passion and pride.  You are a team player.  You have fun and you make work fun for those working around you. Your enthusiasm is infectious. You challenge the status quo.  You find solutions to problems.  You go the extra mile to exceed customers’ expectations.  You get things done the right way.  You represent our brand with passion and pride.  You are a team player.  You have fun and you make work fun for those working around you. •	Lead your team to the successful delivery of Integration Services/Microservices that will allow for efficient interactions between RSA applications;•	Work together with Business Analysts, Enterprise Architects, Project Managers and other project team members to delivery high quality solutions that fulfill our business needs;•	Work with Business Analysts and Architects to deliver technical solutions that match functional specifications and business requirements;•	Analyze complex to highly complex new functionalities, changes and fixes to determine a technical solution that not only meets immediate needs but future needs as well;•	Design APIs and necessary documentation to facilitate server usability;•	Follow Scrum methodology to manage your team and your team’s workload;•	Assist in estimation and planning for your team’s workload;•	Review code, ensure best practices are being followed, and code quality is at a high standard;•	Support Quality Management team on their testing initiative;•	Mentor less experienced developers;•	Occasional evening and weekend work maybe required for support purposes. •	Collaborate with cross-functional team members •	5-10 years of experience developing Java EE applications;•	3 or more years of experience as a team leader;•	Proficiency in Enterprise Integration Patterns in order to design efficient services and microservices;•	Experience with full SDLC and Agile Development lifecycle;•	Experience in Mulesoft Anypoint Platform;•	Experience with Web Services (SOAP/REST), Messaging (JMS, MQ), FTP/SFTP and Relational Databases (MySQL, MS SQL);•	Strong knowledge of Java EE experience with significant Guidewire Integration experience and Guidewire ClaimsCenter Integration experience;•	Experience with Application Servers like WebSphere, Weblogic, JBoss and/or Tomcat;•	Experience with XML Parsing, JSON parsing, XSLT, JUnit, SoapUI, Maven, Jenkins, Git, Code Coverage and Code Scan Plugin/Tools;•	Experience with Linux OS. Applicants agree that by providing personal information in response to this ad, and otherwise in any recruitment process with RSA or its affiliated companies (the “Company”) such personal information may be retained and used for a period of one (1) year from the date of this application, for the purpose of consideration for employment opportunities which may arise during that time period, unless an applicant notifies the Company to the contrary.We thank all applicants. However, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.We invite you to learn more about us at our Career Site, www.rsagroup.ca, where you can apply on line. RSA group of Companies is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes applications from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, and persons with disabilities, members of the LGBT community, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas.RSA group of Companies will provide reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities in the job application process.If you have difficulty using our online application system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, please email AODA@RSAGROUP.CA or call us at toll free 1 (800)-855-0511. Please note this email is only for accommodation requests. Resumes sent to this email address will not be considered. Applicants agree that by providing personal information in response to this ad, and otherwise in any recruitment process with RSA or its affiliated companies (the “Company”)  such personal information may be retained and used for a period of one (1) year from the date of this application, for the purpose of consideration for employment opportunities which may arise during that time period, unless an applicant notifies the Company to the contrary. Johnson is an equal opportunity employer.  We thank all applicants for their interest.  However, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.
Filtered keywords:[]
