Job title: Water Resources Engineer
Posting date: 7/19/2018
Job Location: Guelph
Company: Computational Hydraulics International (CHI)
Entry point: https://www.engineerjobs.com/jobdetails.php?lnk=DQrozgE9su5gDTM_pPUrZXtZxYRRtYATRlhWdA81_Y5B2sNcschrlit8hrSQjc6aw9C75dmpu4oXhH6HvmlDhRECy-yurKv_CBtmIMvcqwkULWT5FXBvsB-ezoLSTeuS5QQwYN5dgW41lwNR3ybL4w22yrlBL_0aZnW0lnloxWoIv0iu3dqyWb0tSknNgEc7Aa6X3Zg4TGkfztVfZQ26x-tV7qqDR2_AYgKyDqUbCLqh0XlkFg6zzfR8m4FrepUC94pxG5goe84rrlnb1RCBgQFZhc_9OH2r0jzUwizPUs9_AO9ERZRyWdqSSvSIA3-a41yeKfxfdagCueqpsCtoFuY71WSDLzgUdGVrxmyU75EDQ3yNb-O7ywA0stLCNewJv8XxsrOGa1N1D2wdqczd2Zj2jP0yqhikdRNqBKlHE94Lo9qck59dGK7uLnZvuLiIWVMzYNOdobhJGVEUvoVknHD7h0W5Df_WjrzvsElV-LfYUYaNBPiZNGRVKMePV458OncqDYop-TPBg-wrVHn0ii7-99yyCmyXrvzDr3jFBYlh2FfASZ3sgJ2KyTFyABYIrt53GDVbWMoXO52IpFerkZifGg&isp=0&el=%2Fjobs%2Fsoftware-engineering%2Fcanada%2Fontario%2F%3Ff%3D1%26page%3D5&jk=cerOAHnNA5WoaHSlR5_ewrvwwkC8lvm5m7kGUQsrkMrdN2TbusSzKg
Job ID: 154
Raw description:  Find Jobs Company Reviews Find Salaries Find Resumes Employers / Post Job Upload your resume Sign in Stormwater, wastewater and watershed modeling Providing consulting services on water resources projects Teaching professionals worldwide Helping clients around the world with their unique engineering challenges through technical support Doing innovative research and development and seeing your contributions being used globally Being involved in both aspects of engineering, the practitioner and the academic Working with cutting-edge technology Helping improve the quality of the water environment and giving back to the community Learning and developing your skills and experience University degree in Water Resources/Civil Engineering (preferably at a Master’s level) with a focus on water management modeling; an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered Must be registered or have the ability to obtain a Professional Engineer designation in Ontario (P. Eng.) within 4 years Knowledge and experience with water resource modeling software, GIS, CAD and MS Office software A passion for providing excellent customer service Strong written communication/report writing skills with attention to detail and accuracy Strong oral presentation skills as this position will include teaching workshops, conducting webinars and may involve presentations at conferences Project management skills with the ability to meet deadlines Valid Ontario Class G driver’s licence (or equivalent) with a good driving record Willingness and ability to travel as this position would require multiple day/overnight trips within North America and overseas 2D modelling (e.g. HEC-RAS2D, Telemac, Delft3D, Tuflow, RiverFlow2D) PCSWMM and/or EPA SWMM5 Scripting (e.g. Python) Video/sound editing We genuinely value our staff and we want to ensure everyone has a strong work-life balance to enjoy their families, friends and life outside of work. We offer a friendly, creative and challenging work environment. We understand that it is with the knowledge and hard work of our employees that we continue to grow and realize our goals. Our team is helpful and approachable, providing a great learning environment to grow your skill set. Our software is considered best in class with very high customer satisfaction. CHI is a leader in the water resources field, hosting the International Conference of Water Management Modeling (ICSWMM) and the open-access Journal of Water Management Modeling (JWMM), providing our staff with excellent networking opportunities with professionals and academics around the world. As a small company, we have the flexibility to make quick decisions and move our technology forward; it is rewarding to see the impact you can make. We offer a competitive compensation package with benefits and bonus opportunities. water resource modeling (including school work): 1 year Bachelor's degree in water resources or civil engineering Class G Driver's licence (or equivalent out of province) See more recommended jobs About Help Centre Would you like an opportunity to use your water resources engineering expertise to make a genuine difference? CHI is currently looking for a junior engineer to join a dedicated team that provides engineering solutions to improve the water environment in communities all around the world. Who we are:  Based in downtown Guelph, Computational Hydraulics International (CHI) has been developing and supporting professional software and providing engineering consulting services for water management modeling since 1978. We have clients in over 85 countries and provide software and services to engineering firms, cities, government agencies, research centers and universities. CHI is dedicated to developing innovative solutions that help promote healthier communities, sustain ecosystems, increase bio-diversity and reduce our environmental impact. Our software and services help professional engineers make a significant improvement both to the water quality of our streams, rivers, lakes and groundwater, and to the flood protection of our urban and rural watersheds. Amidst our global presence, we have a very down-to-earth office environment with a growing team of professionals who are collaborative and supportive of each other and committed to technological innovation. What this position is about:  This is a junior engineering position that will give you an opportunity to learn and develop your skills in water resource modeling, consulting engineering, customer service and software development. As an integral part of our team, you will work collaboratively with our engineers and programmers to develop, support, apply, teach and promote our software products and provide consulting services to clients around the world. This position is for you if you love:  What we are looking for in you:  Experience that would distinguish you from other candidates:  Why work for CHI? If this opportunity sounds interesting, we want to hear from you. Please submit a cover letter with your resume outlining your qualifications. To learn more about us, check out our website at chiwater.com CHI is an equal opportunity employer. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Education: Licence:
Filtered keywords:['engineer', 'software']
