Job title: Workplace Operations Coordinator
Posting date: 7/18/2018
Job Location: Toronto
Company: Pivotal Software
Entry point: https://www.engineerjobs.com/jobdetails.php?lnk=L3zlkqu1cO_R2Gc0jRGoofOlMO9fH3PFCd-BxAlRz7589mYq7TmEWDD8dc7DoZ8nmg4cIKsvd-yoseStTQn8_CqqwQSVtkFta1-p-PqLsz00Kd5PGbyvZZc74VU1C8xDMBo775qF-2KNe1A_-I6Uj0K291HGh1nSOWc8UAc9BfWwcN6PBU7YE1zEJm27emunsu8GXx0MgnlqgaB131FDOkspksDxBdCDUtoep-dP9t56vSS7QAVIj_1OhIg6g-fALBbRLIu2isg4WTArkHRRxKw-qzxWbp0IqIexbqwx9eBR_kMpXcHfThThSrR9G9QDKY_oIEarGaDD2xinYaUlFf2-zCZ3c3Z_6oIFxLchm1RQb-f9uR-vF5_jKuGCZhw6S0X3QLcmefX1dtQLVCzcNN4cTDK5vg-LnZIWhLyRUd7tDdAWHNeuu2UX4WblomSgEq2Fy43BmhDQNApt5pTsMrvBLsbIsgzHUXyVsapLuWgEO1i8s9sLZKHcBfG_dlVkp_pB_VpR5s1W4I-KqtjT9PfusmzUd0ifUFwPAIlj59Sbn-TPQOLIZTcfwLJmUvNCqvstWIe8F_Q10n8uloruWDX6hA&isp=0&el=%2Fjobs%2Fsoftware-engineering%2Fcanada%2Fontario%2F%3Ff%3D1%26page%3D22&jk=ZB7PkQY4ACMqSqFKHxvFXZNh2EEhSwu2f4TtK2XR0FhVOZt9sDrLxQ
Job ID: 411
Raw description:  Exceptional service skills with a hospitality mindset Excellent administrative and organizational skills  Superb communication skills: non-verbal, verbal and written Detail oriented focus Ability to act on your feet and problem solve Ability to work independently and in collaboration with others Master of juggling multiple projects and demands while efficiently prioritizing Strong computer skills and the leaning toward technology vs paper Ability to lift 40 lbs (18kg) 1-2 years experience in hospitality, customer service/support, corporate facilities or related field The ability to maintain composure and positivity through less than perfect circumstances Experience with google mail/calendaring and its accompanying applications Experience and interest in event planning Experience in a startup, fast-paced environment Blindness Deafness Cancer Diabetes Epilepsy Autism Cerebral palsy HIV/AIDS Schizophrenia Muscular dystrophy Bipolar disorder Major depression Multiple sclerosis (MS) Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Obsessive compulsive disorder Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation) Pivotal’s Story VIDEO   Founded in 2013, Pivotal Software, Inc., combines our leading cloud-native platform, tools, and methodology to empower the world’s largest organizations to adapt to change and build great software. Our technology unleashes developer productivity, while fulfilling our mission to transform how the world builds software. As a recognized leader in disciplined agile and lean software development practices, Pivotal combines the Silicon Valley state of mind, modern approach, and infrastructure with organizations’ core expertise and values. Our cloud-native platform and suite of data tools drive software innovation for many of the world’s most admired brands, helping enterprises move at start-up speeds and with greater business agility. We optimize for change and teach next-generation developers to create and build new solutions, and are committed to open source and open standards. Our methodology is about evolving, in both development and innovation, and our culture is empowering. Our 2,000+ employees across offices worldwide subscribe to an ethos of kindness. We make a point to bring empathy to each and every project, and are guided by a purposeful mission—to transform how the world builds software. Us Pivotal’s Finance, Operations, and Real Estate teams create the commercial, physical, and cultural frameworks that help us grow and scale. We collaborate to keep our business running smoothly and ensure we stay on track to meet (and exceed) our goals. We also design and support work environments that reflect our culture and help you reach your highest potential. You You like to help people, through and through.  You exude positive energy, like to bring people together, and are passionate about living and breathing culture.  You thrive in an ever-changing environment while juggling many things at once. Nothing ruffles your feathers and you power through when the going gets tough.  You’re an excellent communicator who can keep everyone informed and pulled in. With an eye for detail, you are uber organized from paper, to spreadsheets, to the space around you. Your Day Every day is different, but the common denominator is that the Workplace Operations Coordinator sets the stage for the office and carefully curates the experience for everyone walking through the door - from fellow Pivots to clients to recruits to vendors.  You’ll be the partner between the Real Estate & Brand Experience team and the local office. As one of the “air traffic controllers”, you’ll help your team coordinate day to day office operations related to facilities, food and beverage, internal events, security, calendaring and administrative organization.  Every transaction and interaction will be through a hospitality lens with exceptional service being the top priority. Required Skills / Experiences  Desired Skills / Experiences Pivotal is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that will consider all qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.  For Persons who reside in the EU and/or are interested in jobs in the EU: Thanks for your interest in Pivotal. When you apply for a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Pivotal Software, Inc. and its subsidiaries and other related companies (“Controller”). We will process your personal data to manage our recruitment-related activities, including setting up and conducting interviews and screenings, evaluating and assessing the results, and as otherwise needed in our recruitment and hiring processes.  Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment. We will share your personal data with our recruitment/hiring vendor Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under standard contractual clauses. You can obtain a copy of the standard contractual clauses by contacting us at privacy@pivotal.io.  Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment which generally is six months.  Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have to right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority. If you have questions about the treatment of your personal information, please contact privacy@pivotal.io. If you are a resident of the EEA and have an unresolved privacy or personal data collection, use, or disclosure concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you have the right to contact the EU Data Protection Authorities.  For more information on how to contact the EU Data Protection Authorities, click here.  If you are a resident of Switzerland and have this concern, please contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner. For more information on how to contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, click here. For German Team Members, you can also contact privacy-germany@pivotal.io. 
  Individuals seeking employment at Pivotal Software are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.
 
  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.
 
  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:
 
  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.
 
  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.
 
  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.
 
  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.
 Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 
  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
 
  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.
 
  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
 Disabilities include, but are not limited to: 
  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.
 
1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
 
  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

Filtered keywords:['software']
