Job title: Manager, Network Software Development
Posting date: 7/18/2018
Job Location: Ottawa
Company: Rockport Networks
Entry point: https://www.engineerjobs.com/jobdetails.php?lnk=79xWHIUVpIvAIAPev_tezyBKAOMVUhlthjJJ_PBLDq6Uc4Ta2XhVUHeJvJ2Er4JyMZ-liz6sARakp7Ed3tXtq7zuTCYZgusNREnisrvR9PCKAXgh7SlKXOp93EfGQEybS1ZPzyAaM6VKa3RuX7NhOnbcdewESwSBJfP4Fgwx6N6lkkuNOQjGfCKtNwNXRmFYqWO2WM1_E4dhVu3mXDUN39saHJzc1q4PIJmUNbMFQLB9R4ohg4i9vRp7ljFgzcOQ7QORWWuqt0k1FpULIt3IMJX5C9Spg8nl5bCp50kwdYn_kr5_UNgX3vfqDt5cHsEoolSoa0JkfeSrHBzZtmOg18kO_15lGCGZZNxua4zswTan2mfkNFHk6egrLmYkq9bidzHoAfxHm9N5q3m8WIQOyXAVvw5hGRmxxcnXSiqVIeblXub25igej5T4Yntgj81cKb5w-B5Yk6N6JTK1IRczcLIHgXTywLpYJZHqTS9wKYNCDwr6DawscpR982-DeQRuP_c7teFHkBDB076X_08rF8XTHKhsF8mSBVMFOHwX25KwOGa4qWNCpPqR4iX5r5VwfnvtKjwf6t2nF8rLsEk29sC6jA&isp=0&el=%2Fjobs%2Fsoftware-engineering%2Fcanada%2Fontario%2F%3Ff%3D1%26page%3D16&jk=DvAz3EoxT66aEjqS3-TkS-fNa28yULwFlfieoS4WZB-Q5Wpn6ZQCFA
Job ID: 430
Raw description:  Develop and lead a team of highly talented software developers Manage day to day development activities, feature development, bug fixing and status reporting Improve the speed and quality of the product through continuous integration and code review practices Continuously contribute to product design and process improvement Maintain a system perspective in understanding the Rockport Networks solution and integration with hardware and network management components. Effectively communicate information and best practices guidance to developers, software testers and non-technical audiences A degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field Team Lead and Manager experience with minimum 15 years of experience in networking related field. Strong mentor with the ability to lead a team Background in networking and network protocols, layer 2+3, SDN, routing protocols such as BGP, OSFP, IS-IS Application programming experience in C,  go, java, REST API Strong advocate of minimum viable product and continuous integration practices, git, docker, Jenkins, jira, test driven development, code coverage and coverage review. In-depth hands-on experience with Linux operating systems and embedded development Experience of cryptography and network security an asset Experience of SoC/FPGA environments an asset Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational, planning and feature status reporting skills 
Location
Ottawa, Ontario
 
Department
Engineering
 
Employment Type
Full-Time
 
Minimum Experience
Manager/Supervisor
 
		Powered by
		




 About the Opportunity As Manager of Network  Software Development, you will lead a team of exceptional software developers in the design and development of Distributed Control Plane and OAM software for Rockport’s leading edge embedded network communication system. You will manage the full development cycle, including making a significant contribution to architecture, design specification, software implementation, product validation and deployment support.  Leveraging your extensive background in networking and embedded software, you will contribute to the development and design of Rockport’s leading edge solution.     Key Responsibilities    Qualifications for our Ideal Candidate              About Rockport  At Rockport we’re challenging the traditional data center network architecture of the past three decades. Our Autonomous Networking model is an entirely new approach which boosts performance and delivers such remarkable power savings that it’s been acknowledged as a sustainable technology. Our leadership is an A-team of seasoned professionals who’ve launched multiple start-ups and also worked in some of the largest companies in the industry. They’ve come together at Rockport, united and inspired by the incredible vision behind the company’s products. At Rockport, you will come to work every day, knowing your efforts are helping shape a faster, cleaner option for the unrelenting growth in the world’s storage and processing of data.  Come work at a company where your contribution will be recognized and rewarded, and the potential for growth is enormous.  Rockport Networks is an equal opportunity employer. In addition, Rockport is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities in accordance with provincial legislation. Please let us know if you require a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during any aspect of the recruitment process and we will work with you to address your needs.   
Filtered keywords:['software']
