Job title: Sales Assistant
Posting date: 7/18/2018
Job Location: Toronto
Company: Design Within Reach
Entry point: https://www.engineerjobs.com/jobdetails.php?lnk=Jx6dyqBUeECQDGSti2FvuGWHp0hVqfpeaOhNub8EYH58YIq9GOm9qUSz-Bq4ET0v3HOVxAgbxShu2i6Mxg9fmL8fKY7j4hS3Hmtf7NRUQozm_Go8Wpg9AqbKuMcssiZqFS_0OE5o663ZMSy0voXT-fTfUUBHtKaXvK9ihlcPtth9UE_KGXHxDPwOKhPY7luRWpQuXmsO6YhKhLO-2-lPlNos5OxHxGtOvxdYps_TFbIa0KNcJbWXGn5SHMx-acqJ7tAw26QcnOYU04WyWiqYCZz6ruOLl20Lorp1cuFKj5MTtNvXIM9XjuIfg6E3ttZULCn-bkZWCESzhiwrgxVjubvhhxOHGqtvKesL4sLMPAeI9NQtfmPzESW2arZ4VpqX2iGiEZ_qcKJ43HQAEI3d8tA4WOIn41rdLS3DUlLc5jxF7ZTMFw6XhYISgutBFoCK6WqD7kHkMY2V9szGtDVjF7jNQjpqajX-13ZUdNh2KztnkJx52gAjcUWXb3QpWzJKHkddq5BvKkBbO-SNUeOJP8qVMXvUl5E2HcXNHTyjIJVrOdKJxZ-F489cAKyzgsvECsR_t76e4sV8Px5A55qKtGkh7Q&isp=0&el=%2Fjobs%2Fsoftware-engineering%2Fcanada%2Fontario%2F%3Ff%3D1%26page%3D24&jk=aUVWeyB4ZlnblYqF-ChAbTV60ogg_TwiwJPfbqRaWDfaOWwSJtjibg
Job ID: 472
Raw description:  Assist with sales support and post-sale follow-up, including processing EAD requests, placing orders, resolving delivery issues, completing special orders and processing part requests. Account Executives with all aspects of the DWR client experience, including greeting clients and welcoming them to the studio, as needed. Lead Studio operations such as ordering, organizing and maintaining fabric swatch samples, maintaining Studio product inventory and escalating facilities issues. Maintain inventory of all Studio marketing collateral such as catalogs, sale signage, seasonal promotional items and office supplies. Tag all furniture on the sales floor and ensure accurate vendor information and pricing. Work strategically to expand the client’s connection to the DWR brand and facilitate outreach in the local design community. Partner with Account Executives to assist with 3-D renderings and shadow on in-home consultations and trade visits. Assist in building and maintaining current relationships with trade contacts in the local area. Research potential trade and developer clients for outreach and business development. Build strong working relationships with fellow associates and corporate contacts. Attend Studio meetings, participate in product trainings, share information among peers and utilize the DWR website and catalog to foster continual growth of product knowledge base and knowledge of the design industry. Maintain all sales operations tasks and ensure timely follow-up regarding specific inquiries and issues. Maintain the appearance of the Studio and product by complying with corporate visual merchandising standards and directives. Network with clients via phone and email to inform them of promotions and Studio events. Background in interior design or architecture. Retail sales experience or customer success experience preferred. Able to communicate with internal and external parties both verbally and in writing. Able resolve client concerns in a manner that is professional, resourcefulness and creative. Exceptional customer service skills – always willing to “go the extra mile.” Team player: cooperative, builds relationships easily and support of peers, and encourages collaboration. Proficiency with Mac OS, MS Office software, Gmail and web navigation. Exposure to 3-D rendering programs, Salesforce and/or POS operations preferred. Must be able to lift up to 20 pounds and regularly move items such as catalog boxes, water cases and product Blindness Deafness Cancer Diabetes Epilepsy Autism Cerebral palsy HIV/AIDS Schizophrenia Muscular dystrophy Bipolar disorder Major depression Multiple sclerosis (MS) Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Obsessive compulsive disorder Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation) Design Within Reach Studios are the perfect environment to grow your career in the interior design industry. Our studios serve as both a retail environment and as community centers for design, inviting constant interaction between the customer, our furniture and our team. Our Studio Sales Assistants learn the business every day through assisting with all aspects of sales support, from facilitating the client experience to post-sale client care. This role provides exposure to various aspects of sales, operations, inventory management, interior design and retail visuals within the Studio while providing support to the Studio management team. Studio Sales Assistants own various projects that build strategic skills, help create sales and provide an exceptional client experience, consistent with the DWR mission. As a Sales Assistant, you'll report to the Studio Lead. What you’ll do: You'll have opportunities to speak up, build relationships and grow your design skills every day as you: Sound like you? This might be you if you have the following experience, skills and abilities: DWR Sales Assistants are eligible for a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental and vision insurance, paid holidays, parental leave, green transit subsidy and more. Design Within Reach is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer including veterans and people with disabilities. 
  Individuals seeking employment at Design Within Reach are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.
 
  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.
 
  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:
 
  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.
 
  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.
 
  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.
 
  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.
 Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 
  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
 
  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.
 
  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
 Disabilities include, but are not limited to: 
  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.
 
1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
 
  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

Filtered keywords:['software']
