Job title: Human Resources Operations Associate
Posting date: 7/19/2018
Job Location: Toronto
Company: Pivotal Software
Entry point: https://www.engineerjobs.com/jobdetails.php?lnk=zg_BhOhEUoUlSpIf6X24D0IJREvSnMcndMqy5IzlqkW2XLOQTGmV8pHlnhbQErpKqtVqVjSf0TlwS0O59ed0PQf2q1CbhwfxCOyqqRtN2Zz2xqsAmQsQb0h1NbDR2Ad74Pbl6AfdgyyEidtw8vVz-B8fnfOnCxtALxDuHJM76apihMkUl9lrf1aVpHJTYcCCRNjW1xaGeWpUxi9qEMxhE2kF-5ri8kpoZoDSlRpG93n9qd-xoHsP19Pwm7c2Kh1l6Kah6LoS8RcG43gZ9BvPfneJrGiWGu7NWoroYrUQDMuXRYWx48EIDvopKVH6g0b8ePhjUEMazBn6z11SseOn-6z8XiK7siugc9ioJEi9QoWjLCanFT-WvK3URW4AkaftW6cPdkXBnCkHFSEc-yDZAMxu9rj2PhoWaBmsQ86Pr7UW5d2rM1pl4DgqHpA5fgjjcqWIAI7FRqcqC3ueCMpKRbNNO4oPi7h0dfwCVYvcNHfJWNU5obR7ILtU4wdbUUVzSJIq_wiMD8yf088OT2GtuYYl4N3bpwQw3wNA8IEQYR50cLF4RMVaMO45sHrIbhl2H1D7gaAoAi6wMDlT-G8Bl-hCzA&isp=0&el=%2Fjobs%2Fsoftware-engineering%2Fcanada%2Fontario%2F%3Ff%3D1%26page%3D7&jk=BjiTct6JddIy_WzdbxciysDdC9B4IdLcZOfehg5_kobLgcfaKBj-eQ
Job ID: 79
Raw description:  Provide high touch candidate support from offer to onboarding Deliver excellent employee experience by solving a wide range of employee and manager requests. Provide support to HRBPs on a variety of deliverables including exit interviews, terminations, reporting, HR system support, Data Changes. Design and implement new People Solutions Team services and drive continuous improvement of current processes.  Participate in People Team projects to design and create HR programs and practices for Pivotal (examples of potential projects include, Rewards & Recognitions approach, Learning & Development offerings, Career Pathing, Employee Communications, Compensation Programs, Relocation Assignment Program Management) Strong ability to efficiently manage your time to many competing, yet equally compelling priorities. Willing to take initiative, be a self-starter and thrive in taking a hands-on approach to challenging work. Able to think on your feet and solve problems Excellent communication skills Flexibility - comfortable working in a fast-paced, changing environment demonstrated through working on multiple projects at the same time within tight timelines Human Resources Operations Associate About Us VIDEO Founded in 2013, Pivotal Software, Inc., combines our leading cloud-native platform, tools, and methodology to empower the world’s largest organizations to adapt to change and build great software. Our technology unleashes developer productivity while fulfilling our mission to transform how the world builds software. Our people are our strategic advantage here at Pivotal and our People (Human Resources) teams around the world partner with the business to drive execution of our company’s priorities with a focus on employee engagement, well being, development and happiness. Working in People Solutions Team at Pivotal means being part of a global team that helps drive our business forward each and every day in truly special and impactful ways.  Are you ready to join our amazing team?  As part of our People Solutions team you will provide a wide variety of high touch HR support to Pivotal Employees, Managers, HRBPs and HR Knowledge centers, relating to all phases of the employee life cycle.  In addition, you will have the opportunity to gain hands on, project based experience, across Learning and Development, Benefits, Compensation, Organizational Development, HR programs, HRIS, Reporting and Analytics, Global Mobility, and Recruitment.  This role is designed to build a foundation of knowledge across core human resources and business acumen skills.    Responsibilities:   Qualifications: High interest in working and forging a career in HR as this is a position that could lead to other growth opportunities in the People Organization EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY GPVTL Canada In (“Pivotal”) is an equal opportunity employer who recognizes the value of every individual in creating success for our customers, business partners, shareholders, employees and communities. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, developing and promoting employees without discrimination. Pivotal believes equal opportunity and inclusion are essential to motivate, empower and recognize the best in everyone. ACCESSIBILITY FOR APPLICANTS WITH DISABILITIES Pivotal is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities.  In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code, Pivotal will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities.  If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, please email AskHR@pivotal.io or call 416-907-9470 ensure to provide your name, the best way to contact you, a detailed description of the nature of any accommodation that you may require (including any materials or processes that can be used to ensure your equal participation).   For Persons who reside in the EU and/or are interested in jobs in the EU: Thanks for your interest in Pivotal. When you apply for a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Pivotal Software, Inc. and its subsidiaries and other related companies (“Controller”). We will process your personal data to manage our recruitment-related activities, including setting up and conducting interviews and screenings, evaluating and assessing the results, and as otherwise needed in our recruitment and hiring processes.  Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment. We will share your personal data with our recruitment/hiring vendor Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under standard contractual clauses. You can obtain a copy of the standard contractual clauses by contacting us at privacy@pivotal.io.  Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment which generally is nine months.  Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have to right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority. If you have questions about the treatment of your personal information, please contact privacy@pivotal.io. If you are a resident of the EEA and have an unresolved privacy or personal data collection, use, or disclosure concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you have the right to contact the EU Data Protection Authorities.  For more information on how to contact the EU Data Protection Authorities, click here.  If you are a resident of Switzerland and have this concern, please contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner. For more information on how to contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, click here. For German Team Members, you can also contact privacy-germany@pivotal.io.
Filtered keywords:['software']
